README.md, before:

# HG Change Feed #

This is a simple mercurial hook and django app for display changesets that
affected directories in mecurial repositories.

# Requirements #

* Mercurial, maybe 2.5
* Django 1.5
* Python 2.7
* PyTz

# Setup #

You're going to want to set up a python virtualenv and pip install mercurial,
pytz and django at the least into it. Might be others I've forgotten.

## Django project ##

Follow the django tutorial to create a basic project, then checkout this
repository as an app named "website" in it. Set your settings accordingly, I
use sqlite for local testing and mysql (with InnoDB tables) on the website. I
also disabled the auth app and middleware from settings.py. If you aren't using
runserver for testing then make sure to use `manage.py collectstatic` to set up
the static files. You should be able to load the main page and have it tell you
it doesn't know about any repositories.

## Managing Repositories ##

The `hg.py` script can be called from the command line to set up repositories to
track.  Make sure that you run it in the virtualenv that has both mercurial and
django installed.

It has three commands.

`init` is used to register a new repository to track. It will download the file
structure of the repository which can take a while.

`update` will add new changesets to the database. The first time you run it it
will download a weeks worth of data, this range can be configured when running
the `init` command. After that it will download any new changesets and remove
any old ones.

`delete` will delete the repository from the database.

Generally you will use `init` to create the database and then `update` to pull
the initial changesets in. After that a cron job running `update` will keep
things updated.

Commit message:

Make repositories visible after they have been safely loaded with data.

README.md, after:

# HG Change Feed #

This is a simple mercurial hook and django app for display changesets that
affected directories in mecurial repositories.

# Requirements #

* Mercurial, maybe 2.5
* Django 1.5
* Python 2.7
* PyTz

# Setup #

You're going to want to set up a python virtualenv and pip install mercurial,
pytz and django at the least into it. Might be others I've forgotten.

## Django project ##

Follow the django tutorial to create a basic project, then checkout this
repository as an app named "website" in it. Set your settings accordingly, I
use sqlite for local testing and mysql (with InnoDB tables) on the website. I
also disabled the auth app and middleware from settings.py. If you aren't using
runserver for testing then make sure to use `manage.py collectstatic` to set up
the static files. You should be able to load the main page and have it tell you
it doesn't know about any repositories.

## Managing Repositories ##

The `hg.py` script can be called from the command line to set up repositories to
track.  Make sure that you run it in the virtualenv that has both mercurial and
django installed.

It has three commands.

`init` is used to register a new repository to track. It will download the file
structure of the repository which can take a while.

`update` will add new changesets to the database. The first time you run it it
will download a weeks worth of data, this range can be configured when running
the `init` command. After that it will download any new changesets and remove
any old ones.

`delete` will delete the repository from the database.

Generally you will use `init` to create the database and then `update` to pull
the initial changesets in. The repository will not be visible on the website
until `update` has been run once. After that a cron job running `update` will
keep things updated.
